Describe activites.
Activities are what you refer to as the window to the user interface. Just as you create windows in order to
display output or to ask for an input in the form of dialog boxes, activites play the same role, though it 
may not always be in the form of a user interface.

What are intents?
Intents display notification messages to the user from within the Android enabled device. It can be used to
alert the user of a particular state that has occured. Users can be made to respond to the intents.

Differentiate activities from services.
Activities can be closed, or terminated anytime the user wishes. On the other hand, services are designed to
run behind the scenes, and can run independently. Most services run continuously, regardless of whether there 
are certain or no activities being executed.

What are contianers?
Containers, as the name itself implies, hold objects and widgets together, depending on which specific items
are needed and in what particular arrangement that is wanted. Containers may hold labels, fields, buttons, or even
child containers as examples.

What is orientation?
Orientation, which can be used as setOrientation(), dictates if the LinearLayout is represented as a row or column.
Values are set as either horizontal or vertical.

What is adb?
Adb is short for Android debug bridge. It allows developers the power to execute remote shell commands. Its basic 
function is to allow and control communication towards and from the emulator port.

What are the four essential states of an activity?
-active-activity is at the foreground
-paused-if the activity is at the background and still visible
-stopped-if the activity is not visible and therefore is hidden or observed by another activity
-destroyed-when the activity process is killed or completely terminated

What is ANR?
ANR is short for application not responding. This is ctually a dialog that appears to the user whenever an application
has been unresponsive for a long period of time.

What is the importance of settings permissions in app development?
Permissions allow certain restrictions to be imposed primarily to protect data and code. Without these, 
codes could be compromised, resulting to defects in functionality.

What is the function of an intent filter?
Because every component needs to indicate which intents they can respond to, intent filters are used to filter
out intents that these components are willing to recieve. One or more intent filters are possible, depending on
the services and activities that are going to make use of it.

Enumerate the three key loops when monitoring an activity.
-entire lifetime-activity happens between onCreate and onDestroy
-visible lifetime-activity happens between onStart and onStop
-foreground lifetime-activity happens between onResume and onPause

When is the onStop() method revoked?
A call to onStop method happens when an acitivty is no longer visible to the user,
either because another activity has taken over or if in front of that activity.

How can ANR be prevented?
One technique that prevents the Android system from concluding a code that has been unresponsive for a long
period of time is to create a child thread. Within the child thread, most of the actual workings of code
can be placed, so that the main thread runs with minimal periods of unresponsive times.

Enumerate the steps in creating a bounded service through AIDL.
1.create a .aidl, which defines the programming interface
2.implement the interface, which involves extending the inner abstract Stub class as well as implanting its methods
3.expose the interface, which involves interfacing the service to the clients

What is the importance of default resources?
When default resources, which contain default strings and files, are not present, an error will occur
and the app will not run. Resources are placed in specially named subdirectories under the project/res directories.

When dealing with multiple resources, which one takes precendence?
Assuming that all of these multiple resources are able to match the configuration of a device, the 'locale' qualifier
almost always takes higher precendence over all the others.

When does ANR occur?
The ANR dialog is displayed to the user based on two possible conditions. One is that there is no response to an
inoput event within 5 seconds, and the other is when a broadcast reciever is not done executing within 10 seconds.

What is AIDL?
AIDL, or Android Interface Definition Language, handles the interface requirements between a client and a service
so both can communicate at the same level through interprocess communication or IPC.  This process involves breaking
down objects into primitives that Android can understand. This part is simply because a process cannot access the
memory of another process.

Whata data types are supported by AIDL?
AIDL has support for the following data types:
-string
-charSequence
-List
-Map
-all native Java data types like int, long, char, and boolean
